At night, I was wearing my
school uniform, the holm
oaks, and I took the holidays with the brands,
and I took
forgiveness, no,
maybe your boyfriend had something to do with it,
even if you seriously approved of this
course, because if not, our parents are
going to close you down.  the tap and you were not born
to continue I have the same right
as you to be here
a week
is dead with 16 years from
now you know that if you talk to the
waiter point for me you are dead 10
minutes a day every afternoon no  They are
enough or bad I do not know
is that you are in school thanks to me
I made a deal with your father
I stopped talking to you and he let me
have pain and confesses that you lied in
the complicities of sinatra
they had not been able to introduce us I am a
sister of  values in the case of media
[Music]
we promised that this would not
happen again
I am your sister your father is admitted
by a state we are this if he knows something
and it is a miracle considering the
blow that  He gave himself the best hospitals in
the world and they are going to operate on him tomorrow
and they will achieve the months of intensive rehabilitation
sooner or later you are going to fall
[Music]
9 you
still can't walk we are going to
listen to the doctors ok
I'm fine
right you think it was a  coincidence
of Cristian's accident
I don't know how you can be so calm about
how difficult it is to implement that
becoming new and friends
this level is a charm I don't know lucrecia
us and biscuit everything is fine everything is
great and wonderful and we have all turned the
page yes  that nobody has said
that to continue that if you do not know that
my sister did not die they
killed her yes
everything
was tell her to clean
ok
if she does not want anything more I am going to
the floating guitar that this afternoon
you have to better cover the two houses
that  I have to take the ball to the doctor with a
lot of mind everything that happened in the
murder of mari nations that
the police contracted,
it is not necessary that it is the face with an
anonymous call or even knowing that
we were playing but what you wanted to
hear that I would put more
cayetana gastronomy that is why the work consists and
all I am doing is taking advantage of it
for whoever is taking advantage of it
or the girl is that you are
inventing what I have has cost me a
lot  I'm working
to see if you think that right off the
bat I'm going to tell you here my whole
life, it would catch my attention, already
dividing around with your bike,
you wouldn't be a camel, you'd be a messenger
and what I want to tell you is that
ours is not so  difficult
and the really difficult thing is to spend the day
stuck in that store pretending to be someone
else
what the hell are you doing with your cell phone and carla
and we are going to find out
and not exercising so that the house well
that I killed marina
carla I couldn't take it anymore
I couldn't  keep the secret and I
can't look at a hand in the face that you
have destroyed his life and if you are going to
tell me,
yes, so no, 24 hours, josé were,
your time point is running out young
[Music]
[Music  a]
[Music] right
now there is a term center
is rotting in jail for something he
has not done
1 - until I save the high judgment he
was the most important person in
my life
and we are going to have a shot together
[Music]
that  The best thing is to continue with our
lives with your girlfriend and I, if only
I do not love you, it has cost me with
the dea
[Music]
host
sorry samuel
[ __ ] with witnesses
I have left with light
I am very good not
the consumption you killed marina a  Cristian,
you let him prescribe things through
my head, it has been investigated is having
in your face
that you suspend all your exams this
week and that because I want you to feel
what I felt if you skip the law the
eye of the bail the bail in  As much as
I can, I'll give it back to you these photos from
before they killed Marina
this one afterwards
is that of Cristian
Cristian helped him when he got stained and he
knew why he had stained I have a
problem with the murderer of my sister
point friend polo hezbollah but what c  on
me, unfortunate net I know less in
a control something of yours is
going to be the following you are going to tell her that
you are going to tell everyone who
knows about valerio but if you continue with your
shitty investigation what you are going to
get is  end up like a Christian
because your name is Cayetano
because the Cayetano is really much more
interesting or at least different, you
know that I think I am dressed
and that her owner has called all my
houses and that I have lost them all
[Music]
this is not enough to  change the course of
the
investigation unless this was enough to put
my brother in jail his sister gave
the profile the profile you do not want to
believe me because because you are afraid that your
friends will become your enemies
but it is not saying the tip  It's true that
this school is me, we're
just talking about paying your bills, it's a
lot of heaven, it's a crime
Samuel
who says that you killed my sister
if it seems to you that she leaves the light and
asking me in the store is not having the
clear ideas then tell me what you have
done to prove it
[Music]
victory
I work
you are the cayetana wood never in
whom account are the
guests entering your generations
is just as false as your stories around
the world your travels
your home
your friendship
[  Music]
If Cayetana is the daughter of a domestic employee I
kill for the Navy
[Music]
Surely no one has seen this video since yesterday,
you can both go back to school
and I think that will be enough to hold on for a
few months until Cayetano finishes the
course a lot.  good influence from her
brother and hers that is very
important
[Music]
what the hell are you doing has come back separate the
door
please can you explain to me who the hell
were those people in the thugs want to
take revenge on Rebecca's mother [ __ ]
samuel there  to make him suffer and we are going to
look for his corpse
[Music]
and it's over
[Music] Do
n't think about it, what you can't do
is touch your hands on your
grandparents' farm while you r  We do not only
come emperor as many are going to
find cobwebs
here there is no one let's go I kill him marina
it was not an accident it
is near the shore
the next time you faint I
hope you open your head
and bleed to death thanks
for listening to me
If I had done it before we would not have
gotten this far I
feel metal
if you confess we will finish before we have the
confession of carla a spiteful whose
father has denied her story I think that
the one who is delaying the inevitable is
you
[Music]